Updated roadmap (Q2) (#10)
siemens/ix-docs: docs/home/releases/roadmap.md

<p className="text-l-title">
We’re constantly improving our design system for you by extending the component library, developing our user guidance and ensuring the system is reliable and easy to use.  
Here’s what’s happening over the next year so you know what to expect from your Siemens Industrial Experience team. 
</p>
### ✅ Completed
- **Documentation redesign**: Revamping our documentation with easier access to main categories.
- **Expanded icon set**: Introducing an expanded icon set with now more than 1000 icons, along with a memory efficient way to integrate them into your projects.
- **Unified Figma library**: Simplifying design workflows by consolidating our Figma libraries into one, with easy theme switching between dark and light modes using Figma variables.
- **Tech stack enhancements**: Introducing support for Angular standalone components, direct Next.js support and offering improved component APIs for maximum flexibility.

**🔹 Major release 3.0** in Q1: Read more in our [migration guide](../migration/3_0_0/index.md).

### 🚧 In progress / Currently being worked on

> - **Progress indicators**: Introducing a flexible, versatile possibility to give visual feedback on the status of ongoing processes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Progress indicators**: Introducing a versatile option to give visual feedback on the status of ongoing processes.
```

- **Date and time selection**: Introducing comprehensive date and time selection options, including all pickers and inputs with range options for date, time, and date-time.
- **Enhanced accessibility support**: Empowering project teams to build accessible products by improving our components and providing comprehensive guidelines on achieving an accessible app with our design system.
### 🗓️ Scheduled / With tentative timeline

> - **Contribution guidelines**: Establishing clear guidelines for contributing to our design system. This encourages community involvement and ensures contributions are consistent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Contribution guidelines**: Establishing clearer guidelines for contributing to our design system. This encourages community involvement and ensures contributions are consistent.
```

- **Tech stack enhancements**: Introducing support for Angular standalone components, direct Next.js support and offering improved component APIs for maximum flexibility.

**🔹 Major release 3.0** in Q1: Read more in our [migration guide](../migration/3_0_0/index.md).

### 🚧 In progress / Currently being worked on
- **Progress indicators**: Introducing a flexible, versatile possibility to give visual feedback on the status of ongoing processes.
- **Date and time selection**: Introducing comprehensive date and time selection options, including all pickers and inputs with range options for date, time, and date-time.
- **Enhanced accessibility support**: Empowering project teams to build accessible products by improving our components and providing comprehensive guidelines on achieving an accessible app with our design system.
### 🗓️ Scheduled / With tentative timeline
- **Contribution guidelines:** Establishing clear guidelines for contributing to our design system. This encourages community involvement and ensures contributions are consistent and high-quality.

> - **Cards with tabs:** Introducing ix-tabbed-cards to organize content more effectively and improve user navigation, e.g. with two levels of tabs.

Reviewer 2: I know we already discussed but "Cards with tabs" and "ix-tabbed-cards" might not hit the point as it sounds like a variant of our existing card component. However, it rather is a variant of the tab component. What about the alternatives below?

Tab panels / Tabs with content / Content tabs / Tabs with container / Tabbed container

Author: we actually discussed having it as another type of card 😂
